{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1671\cocoasubrtf600
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;\f1\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica-Bold;\f2\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica-Oblique;
}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww15160\viewh13240\viewkind0
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs24 \cf0 \ul \ulc0 ME305 Young\'92s Modulus Lab: GTF Instructions\
\ulnone LSM, May 2020\ul \
\ulnone ** Note how long each section actually takes for future reference **\
\

\f1\b Preliminary stuff (5 min)
\f0\b0 \
1. Let students know you are recording.\
2. Zoom logistics: how to ask for help (Speak up in big group, raise hand in breakout groups)\
3. Does everyone have all of the materials? Walk through materials checklist.\
4. Share screen: direct to https://colab.research.google.com \'97> Github \'93dpholmes/MechanicalEngineeringLabs-BU\'94 \'97> open the file ME305 YoungsModulusLab.ipynb.\
\

\f1\b Intro (5 min)\

\f0\b0 1. Read intro out loud (\'93mute me if you want to read in your head\'94).\
- Emphasize: k, E, nu, G: physically\
2. Show/discuss structure of lab & deliverables: \
- This notebook is your deliverable.\
- 2 sections. First, stiffness of a spring from an image in Wiki. You\'92ll take a few measurements and make a plot.\
- Then, you\'92ll do experiments, get your own photos, and make similar measurements. From this, you\'92ll calculate Young\'92s Modulus, Poisson Ratio, and the Shear modulus.\
- If you want, explain what this lab \'93normally\'94 looks like, how they can access an Instron in EPIC\'85..\
3. Explain that you will split them into breakout groups of X people, and you\'92ll bounce between rooms to help. Work on your own and discuss, you are welcome to share screens.\
\

\f1\b Section 1: Masuring Strain via Image Processing (20 min ?)\

\f0\b0 1. Read the markdown text.\
2. Instruct everyone to run the prelim cells (up to \'93Procedure\'94) \'97 do it with them and discuss what you\'92re seeing.\
- If someone has an issue that isn\'92t a quick fix like switching browsers, can I screen control? just follow along with your group? I don\'92t have a backup plan\'85\
3. Read procedure, explain (show?) what the image, (x,y) pixels, input form will look like **emphasis on run the second cell twice & how to delete/start over if needed**\
4. Split students into breakout groups.\
- Tell them that when they\'92re finished, they should leave the breakout room and come back to the main room (is this possible?), and start reading next sect/thinking about discussion questions.\
5. Bounce between rooms, answer any raised hands.\
6. End breakout rooms when everyone is done.\
\

\f1\b Section 2: Modulus of a Rubber Band (65 min)\

\f2\i\b0 Intro (5 min)\

\f0\i0 1. Read intro out loud.\
2. Show example experiments.\
- Emphasis on the distance, alignment. \
- Explain the reference object.\
3. Scroll down: point out Appendix B.\
\

\f2\i Experiments (30 min)
\f0\i0 \
4. Instruct students to assemble their setup (mark horizontal lines on the cut rubber band, probably) and take all photos: \
- one with no weight (but the bottom clip or whatever they\'92ll hang weights off of, so it\'92s \'93zeroed\'94)\
- same from the side (better to rotate rubber band, not camera, so your reference works), \
- 5-7 with different weights. \
- Jot down a list as they go of what they used for weights in each photo\'97 it\'92s ok if weights aren\'92t in the frame as long as they know the order\
- Mute them, tell them to unmute if they need help.\
4. Upload your photos. Hopefully they practiced in the prelab so they\'92re the right resolution/size range\'85\
- Save to Desktop or somewhere else you\'92ll be able to find the, name them descriptively. \
\

\f2\i Code & Discussion Section (30 min)
\f0\i0 \
1. Show Appendix A, and B.1. \
- Where you jotted down what you used for weights in each image, take a few minutes to go from object(s), to mass (g) to Force (Newtons) \'97 it\'92ll be easier if this is easily accessible.\
- Also write down the size of your reference object (probably lengthwise, according to your camera p.o.v.)\
2. Scroll back up & read \'93Importing Images\'94 section, share screen if needed. Go ahead and show how you would import (it\'92s explained later).\
3. Run first 2 cells.\
4. Outline what they\'92ll do: import first 2 images, then for the loaded ones, you\'92ll repeat blocks again, building a table & eventually plotting your measurements **emphasis on run the second cell 5-7x & how to delete/start over if needed**\
5. Split into breakout groups, go. \
- Work until the end, you can discuss the questions together (though your data WILL be different so in some ways your answers will be, too), and/or with me. \
- I recommend working on that now since it might point out to you some issues that are better to deal with while I\'92m here and your group members are here, but up to you.\
- \
}